slight copy tweak, simple typo fixes to performance-monitoring.mdx (#13049)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/sentry-basics/performance-monitoring.mdx

## How Performance Monitoring works under the hood

> Instead of instrumenting pageloads with specific metrics at certain set intervals, ie. `onLoad`, `onUnload`, `onError`, etc., Sentry makes an effort to automatically instrument the libraries you rely on, providing detailed telemetry for Web Vitals, file I/O, network requests, and more. This lets you see the performance impact of every request, and any errors that occur during that request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of instrumenting page loads with specific metrics at certain set intervals, like `onLoad`, `onUnload`, `onError`, etc., Sentry makes an effort to automatically instrument the libraries you rely on, providing detailed telemetry for Web Vitals, file I/O, network requests, and more. This lets you see the performance impact of every request, and any errors that occur during that request. 
```
